README.md, before:

[![N-GINE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ngagesdk/n-gine/master/media/n-gine-02@1x.png)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ngagesdk/n-gine/master/media/n-gine-02@2x.png?raw=true "N-GINE")

# N-GINE

N-GINE (/ˈendʒɪn/) is a portable game engine which is being developed
specifically for the Nokia N-Gage.

## Documentation

### General map design rules

- If a transition is to be created from one map to another, these two
  maps must have the same edge length on the respective side.

- A tileset image is an ordinary `bmp` file with the RGB subtype
  `RGB565`.  Transparency for maps consisting of several layers can be
  achieved via the key colour `#ff00ff`.

- Maps must be saved uncompressed (Tile Layer Format CSV) and in JSON
  format with the tileset embedded.  The file name of the map that is
  loaded first is `entry.tmj`.

- All resources must be combined into a packed file system with the file
  name `data.pfs`.  To do this, all assets used must be in the same
  directory as the maps.

### Properties

The game content is largely defined by properties that are specified in
[Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org) which is used by this engine as the
main tool. A detailed list of all valid properties follows.

## Licence and Credits

- Packed file loader by [Daniel
  Monteiro](https://montyontherun.itch.io/).

- [Tiny RPG Forest](http://ansimuz.com/site/portfolio/tiny-rpg-forest/)
  by Luis Zuno.

- [Tiny RPG Stranger
  Forst](http://ansimuz.com/site/portfolio/tinyrpg-stranger-forest-pack/)
  by Luis Zuno.

- [ASCII Bitmap Font
  "cellphone"](https://opengameart.org/content/ascii-bitmap-font-cellphone)
  by domsson.

- This project is licensed under the "The MIT License".  See the file
  [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for details.

- The [N-GINE logo](media/) by [Dan Whelan](https://danwhelan.ie) is
  licensed under a Creative Commons [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
  International (CC BY-SA
  4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.

Commit message:

Fix bug in property search, add dynamic sprite animations (to be defined in Tiled), update demo content: it is now fully playable, update logo

README.md, after:

[![N-GINE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ngagesdk/n-gine/master/media/n-gine-02@1x.png)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ngagesdk/n-gine/master/media/n-gine-02@2x.png?raw=true "N-GINE")

# N-GINE

N-GINE (/ˈendʒɪn/) is a portable game engine which is being developed
specifically for the Nokia N-Gage.

## Documentation

### General map design rules

- If a transition is to be created from one map to another, these two
  maps must have the same edge length on the respective side.

- A tileset image is an ordinary `bmp` file with the RGB subtype
  `RGB565`.  Transparency for maps consisting of several layers can be
  achieved via the key colour `#ff00ff`.

- Maps must be saved uncompressed (Tile Layer Format CSV) and in JSON
  format with the tileset embedded.  The file name of the map that is
  loaded first is `entry.tmj`.

- All resources must be combined into a packed file system with the file
  name `data.pfs`.  To do this, all assets used must be in the same
  directory as the maps.

### Properties

The game content is largely defined by properties that are specified in
[Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org) which is used by this engine as the
main tool. A detailed list of all valid properties follows.

For now, the demo map can be used as a reference.

## Licence and Credits

- Packed file loader by [Daniel
  Monteiro](https://montyontherun.itch.io/).

- [Tiny RPG Forest](http://ansimuz.com/site/portfolio/tiny-rpg-forest/)
  by Luis Zuno.

- [Tiny RPG Stranger
  Forst](http://ansimuz.com/site/portfolio/tinyrpg-stranger-forest-pack/)
  by Luis Zuno.

- [ASCII Bitmap Font
  "cellphone"](https://opengameart.org/content/ascii-bitmap-font-cellphone)
  by domsson.

- This project is licensed under the "The MIT License".  See the file
  [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for details.

- The [N-GINE logo](media/) by [Dan Whelan](https://danwhelan.ie) is
  licensed under a Creative Commons [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
  International (CC BY-SA
  4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.
